>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And welcome
back to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
In our last edition,
we were talking
with Kelly S. Jones
about feng shui
and how it affects people,
both in their energy levels,
their relationships.
You name it, it works.
We're talking with her now about
her latest work, the "Akashic
Records Soul Dialogues."
Kelly, welcome
back, first of all.
>>KELLY S. JONES: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Always
good to have you.
What are the akashic records?
I've heard so many stories
about these things.
What are they?
>>JONES: I like to
actually walk somebody
through their imagination,
and even sometimes close
their eyes to imagine a field.
And it's a field of which all
potential and all possibility
exists.
And we are in it.
We are them, and they are in us.
And many people get confused
with the word "records."
>>NOORY: Mhm.
>>JONES: And they think
it's literally a record.
But this field--
>>NOORY: It's in
the hall of records.
>>JONES: Records.
Exactly.
It's been referred to
as the hall of records,
the library of light, the mind
of God, God's remembrance.
There's many ways that
they are referred to.
And they hold what we would
call our past, present,
and potential future.
And it's because we are
here in linear time,
in the third dimension.
And we've agreed to this
time-space continuum that
says well, there is a
past, there is a present,
and there's the future.
But where these records
reside, we could say,
is really in the eternal
now, in the present moment.
And so there is no past.
There is no future.
There is only now.
>>NOORY: Is this what
they tried to teach us
in my Catholic catechism classes
years ago, that when you die
there's a book, there's a
record of everything you did?
Is that what the
Akashic records are?
>>JONES: Indeed.
And the Bible actually refers
to it as the "book of life."
And every spiritual tradition
has a way of referring to them.
And they're really there
for us to keep track of,
and to know our own personal
growth and transformation.
And so we are our
living records.
And we have a divine
right to know them,
and to access them at any time.
I just happen to do it
in a way that allows,
with one's permission, me to go
into and actually communicate
with masters, teachers, and
loved ones of the individual.
So they, in essence, are
working in tandem with me
to bring forth the
wisdom, the insight,
the guidance that is there.
>>NOORY: Once the records are
done, can you change them?
>>JONES: Indeed.
>>NOORY: Can they be altered?
>>JONES: Yes.
We rewrite our records--
>>NOORY: Take out the bad stuff.
>>JONES: All the time.
Well, and how we do
that is by shifting
the matrix of our
perception, of that which
we perceived as
having experienced.
So for example, if I
look back in childhood,
or somebody's
experience in childhood,
to say what was my
mother or father doing,
or what were they thinking?
What was the truth of their
behavior and their actions?
And when that information
is brought forward,
the energetic space within
one's being-ness shifts.
They have a whole new
perspective and understanding
of what transpired,
let's say, in childhood.
And in that, the records,
their perception, is rewritten.
Truth has been revealed.
And they know it.
There's an internal
feeling that says yes.
>>NOORY: Is there everything
in there, the good and the bad?
>>JONES: And the ugly, yes.
Yes.
So what they say
is it's a recording
of our every thought,
word, deed, and action.
>>NOORY: Every thought?
>>JONES: Every thought,
yes, even thoughts.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>JONES: Yes.
Yes.
And individually
and collectively.
>>NOORY: They
didn't tell me that.
[LAUGHTER]
Oops.
>>JONES: Yeah.
And it's an amazing field
that nothing bypasses.
Everything gets recorded.
So everything is known there.
And it's there to
be in service to us.
It's not to have
judgment about it.
So it's interesting, even
when we said thoughts,
there's a sense of uh-oh, do
I need to be worried about it?
But the truth is, the
beings that I work with,
the Akashic masters
and teachers,
they reside in a field of
complete love and non-judgment.
And so there's nothing
that we can ever say or do
that there is--
>>NOORY: They won't take
fault with you, I guess.
Right?
>>JONES: Never, never.
And in fact--
>>NOORY: That's unusual.
>>JONES: Even when they--
well, because they're
in the dimension
of the heart, which
is where the records
actually are.
So the closer we get, and
align with the true essence
of our being, the heart of
who we are, and we drop out
of the mind, which
wants to think it
knows, and figures it out, and
bow to the heart of our being,
then we can bring forth the
greater wisdom of the heart
to every life situation.
>>NOORY: Kelly, how soon in
one's life do they start,
a little baby?
When?
>>JONES: So it's really
since we decided, as soul,
to individuate from source.
>>NOORY: So that could
be almost at any time.
>>JONES: The records
are always there.
And so it's called the
recording of our soul's journey
through lifetimes.
So it's every lifetime
that we've experienced.
And I feel like
what you're speaking
to might be a little
different, which
has to do with innocence,
which has to do with--
>>NOORY: Pure innocence.
>>JONES: The truth of
who we are, exactly.
And so we overlay, shall we
say, the personality or the ego,
which begins to judge or mask
the pureness of who we are.
And we start being conditioned
by the human condition.
And what we're learning
to do is actually
unlearn the human conditioning.
And so we can access the Akashic
records, which brings forth
that wisdom that assists us in
understanding even the deeper
pieces, or the lessons
that we came here to learn.
And so those are vital.
And they're important
to our soul journey.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>JONES: And they're recorded
in the records, as well.
>>NOORY: Tell me about your
work "Akashic Records Soul
Dialogues" again.
What does this mean?
What's this all about?
>>JONES: That's, I've done a
group with my partner, Doug,
for a couple of years now,
where we had a gathering of what
we call kindred spirits.
And I'd open the records
of the entire group.
And we created different
subjects and topics
to talk about on
a monthly basis.
And so there would be Q&A,
questions and answers,
that would be brought
forth from the audience
that the Akashic records
and the masters and teachers
responded to.
>>NOORY: Ah, I like that.
>>JONES: So this
became a transcript.
Exactly.
I call it a down to Earth
enlightenment handbook.
So there are 116
different topics actually,
and eight divine opening
meditations in there.
And it just assists
us in relating
to different everyday
questions that we all
experience, from
relationships, shame, judgment,
forgiveness, to what's
happening in the economy,
and the world at
large collectively.
So it's a nice composite.
>>NOORY: Can people
read their own records?
>>JONES: Indeed.
>>NOORY: Without
dying to get there?
>>JONES: Indeed.
>>NOORY: How do you do that?
So there are different
ways, if you will,
that we actually
access our records.
And some, it might be deja vu,
dreams, hypnosis, iridologists,
palm readers, astrologers.
So there's many different
modalities to access.
I use one that allows
me to, actually
it's been scientifically
shown to alter my brain wave
patterns.
And so when we even go
into deep relaxation,
when we go into
meditative states,
we afford ourselves the
opportunity to avail to us
more of the heart
of who we are, more
of our own internal being-ness,
which is our Akashic records.
It's in our DNA.
And to-- when we move
even from the beta,
the active awake state,
to the alpha and theta,
more information is allowed in.
So it is a accessing of other
dimensional information,
subconscious,
super-conscious, soul level,
to be available to us.
>>NOORY: What is the
avatar of forgiveness?
>>JONES: That was one of
the Akash fills we did.
It's what we call our gathering.
And it was a deep
exploration, if you will,
of this idea of
forgiveness, and what it is,
and how we can do it,
and the truth of it,
and how it unveils for us.
The ultimate truth is
there's nothing to forgive.
But we often sit
in a place of well,
how do I forgive
when I don't feel
like being forgiving, even?
And one of their answers was you
desire more joy in your life.
So it's answers like
that, and insights
like that that they often
bring forth in experiences.
>>NOORY: Sometimes
forgiveness is difficult.
I can forgive people
for a lot of things.
I could not forgive somebody
who would, let's say,
intentionally go out and
hurt or kill someone,
especially if I knew
that other person.
Is there something wrong
with me that I don't forgive?
>>JONES: Well, I
certainly wouldn't
say there's anything
wrong with anybody.
And so the answer to
that question is no.
Forgiveness is recognizing
that the truth of who we are
is not the murderer.
And therefore, one was
not in their right mind
when that choice was made.
And so we're able and capable
to see beyond the part that
made that choice
and decision, to see
the light of the
being-ness that is there.
And that's what we all
actually are, always have been,
and always will be.
And what's happened
is that one has
forgotten the light
that they are.
>>NOORY: We're
going to come back
in just a moment on "Beyond
Belief," where Kelly S.
Jones will provide us with an
Akashic records consultation.
It's fascinating.
Don't go away.
Hey, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
Kelly S. Jones,
our special guest
as we talk about
the Akashic records.
And we have another
Kelly with us,
because Kelly
number one is going
to be telling Kelly number two
about her own personal records.
Kelly, take it away.
>>JONES: Thank you.
Hi, Kelly.
How are you?
>>KELLY: Hello.
Great, thanks.
>>JONES: Wonderful.
So your records are open.
And who I communicate with are
your Akashic records masters,
teachers, and loved ones.
And so is it OK if I
share with you some
of the information that's
actually coming through?
Oftentimes I actually have
the client ask a question,
but I'm receiving information.
>>KELLY: I'm ready.
>>JONES: Are you ready?
>>KELLY: Yeah.
>>JONES: OK.
So I look up, also, to
receive that information.
And so here's what
they're sharing.
They're saying,
dear one, welcome
to your grand transformation.
You are undergoing,
shall we even say,
a planetary alteration
within your being-ness
that is manifesting in the
physical form in a way that
is unique, new, and
different for you.
And so it is unfamiliar to you.
And because it's unfamiliar,
it is causing a disturbance,
shall we say, in
your energy field.
So it may feel unbalancing.
It may feel as if it's,
you're ungrounded and looking
for balance and stability.
It is a lesson, shall
we say, to understand
what is held in this
field of uncertainty.
Because within this uncertainty,
you are looking to find,
within the heart
of your being-ness,
your certainty of being.
And they're showing me that
you do work with clients where
you assist them very
much in the same way
that we are speaking
of here now.
And it is through that
modality and this experience
that you are coming to
recognize what they experience.
And unless you know
it, it is hard for you
to have compassion for it.
So in your traveling the same
footsteps that they travel,
can you actually bring
them to a new place
that you are finding
within yourself,
that you know they
hold within them?
And in that balance
and stability,
and the trust of their
presence, their soulful self
guiding them, you can
share that with them.
Does this make sense to you?
>>KELLY: Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
Can I ask a specific--
>>JONES: Sure.
>>KELLY: Around that?
OK.
So yeah, I dissolved my
business a couple months ago
around a certain aspect
of guiding people.
And I've been pretty frustrated
the last couple of months
without feeling that there's
a lot of new direction.
And I'd love to
know what they have
to say about
rekindling my passion.
>>JONES: Hm.
So it's interesting, the
first thing they're sharing
is there's a judgment about
not having the passion.
So it's being in
resistance of what is.
And yet what is, is
the opportunity for you
to find peace and harmony,
and balance within that state.
OK.
So as you do, as you
allow what is to be--
and it's an acknowledgement,
shall we say.
It is not that you
have to accept it,
or-- nor will it stay
and remain this way.
But what you're
actually asking is,
how do I realign my
inner being, not only
to know this experience so
that I can be a guide for it
to others in this experience.
What can I do to further
enhance my knowing-ness of what
is of passion to me in my
next evolution of being-ness,
of sharing my talents
and gifts to the world?
So let's see, what is the most
important thing that Kelly
can do at this time?
It's a re-emergence.
What's important for you is
to re-emerge into the work
that you've actually been doing.
It's not about leaving it,
letting it go, nor ignoring it.
It's about opening that book
again, and looking in it,
and finding in there what
jumps out, what speaks to you
more prominently now,
that didn't before.
There's so many nuances,
facets to this gem
that you offer the world.
And you took off on one
aspect of it in the past.
Now it's time to pick
up a different aspect.
And it's within
you that you will
find what that is in
your-- it's funny,
they're saying in
your book of life.
But they're also saying
that you have a book.
And so in your own
book, there are--
it's about helping people
understand how to start anew.
What is new on their journey
that they have to offer,
that they want to explore,
that's new and different?
So you have had a
blessing in the sense
that you've kind of
had a lot of your life
and understanding
laid out before you.
And so you actually see the
multi-facets of what is.
Whereas others that
come to you have
seen certain aspects,
but not others.
And so because you
see greater, you
know how to move
into that newness.
Does that make sense?
>>KELLY: Yeah.
>>JONES: And so what you're
doing is helping them
in the transitions.
So you're experiencing this
to experience a new transition
so you can help walk them
from point A of the unknown,
a facet they can't see, but you
can help them see on top of it.
>>KELLY: I get it.
Because I've been
very frustrated,
and wondering why
I'm so frustrated.
But OK, so I hear
them saying to me
that is so I can have the
experience of frustration
to relate to my audience.
>>JONES: Exactly.
>>KELLY: Relate to my clients.
OK.
>>JONES: Exactly.
So you know their
experience personally.
And you're also creating the
bridge of light, shall we say,
between where you're at and
your own anew expression, which
for you is not far from you.
But for clients, it could
be farther for them.
And so you can
help sort of-- it's
like they're showing
me a flashlight.
And so there's a flashlight
lighting the path.
And that flashlight
allows them, and you,
to see what's that next
step, and to encourage
them to put that next step,
one in front of the other,
in front of the other, and trust
and know that that path is laid
before them, and is solid,
and available to them.
>>KELLY: Can they
give me one next step?
>>JONES: They asked
you, open the book.
Open your book.
>>KELLY: Open my book.
>>JONES: Open your book
and ask to be shown.
>>KELLY: My next step.
>>JONES: Yes.
And actually, they've said
it and will repeat it.
>>NOORY: How will
that step come to her?
Will it be an epiphany, or what?
>>JONES: So what
it is, is you will
be finding clients
who are starting anew.
>>KELLY: OK.
>>JONES: That's the next step.
That's who you're finding.
>>KELLY: OK.
>>JONES: That's who you're
drawing to you and connecting.
>>KELLY: OK.
>>JONES: Does that make sense?
>>KELLY: Yeah, in and
of itself, that is--
>>JONES: That is the
next step, exactly.
>>KELLY: OK.
OK.
>>JONES: Exactly.
It's the who am I
in service to now?
I've been in service
to this group,
doing this aspect, this
facet of the gem of myself.
I have served
humanity in this way.
Now there's another gem.
There's another facet that I am
coming to bring light through,
to be in service from.
>>KELLY: OK.
>>JONES: But I need to know it,
and experience it, and embrace
it fully in order to be
able to say, I get you.
I understand what
you're going through,
and I know the steps
of which to take
to get where it is that I
can see and help you get to.
>>KELLY: So I let
go of my judgment,
because it's different.
>>JONES: Well, because--
>>KELLY: This is
different for me.
And so I'm not--
yeah, I'm just kind
of freaking out
because it's different.
>>JONES: Indeed it is.
>>KELLY: OK.
>>NOORY: Kelly, do the
records show Kelly's future?
>>JONES: So it shows the
potential and the highest
probability.
And so what just came forth
for her was in direct response
to her intention to know.
And so what happens is
there's an unfoldment.
I can hear, sense,
see, feel, know
what it is her divine
beings of light are guiding
her to know from
her own records.
And here's how it relates
and how she can specifically
understand and relate to it.
And not just at a mental
level, but a heart level,
does it feel right?
Does the information align
within the being-ness of you,
that it feels right?
>>KELLY: Yeah, it moved me
from a state of confusion
and frustration to peace
and calm, actually.
It kind of dropped something in.
Which, maybe if we're talking
about the Akashic records,
it's the part of me that might
be just feeling that truth.
>>JONES: Yes, exactly.
Exactly.
>>NOORY: Is there
anything in the records
you didn't know were in there?
>>KELLY: Based on
what she just shared?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>KELLY: Let's just say it's
like I have the door ajar to it
on my own path, by my own self.
But what she just brought
forth made it 100%.
It brought it to
deeper clarity for me,
and that helps me relax.
So I think there would be
a sense of confirmation
that it brought me.
I know it did.
And yeah, it was really
beautiful, actually.
And yeah, I can rest
into-- it sounds
like there's an underlying
theme, like surrender to me.
>>JONES: And what I call it
is opening doors of light.
And so those doors of light
can be, yes, confirmation,
clarification.
Sometimes it's
brand-new information
hadn't thought about.
Not sure you thought
about the potential
of a different type
of clientele that
is looking to create
anew in their own life.
So for me that might have been
a bit of new information--
>>KELLY: Yeah.
>>JONES: That is also
confirming who she is
and where she's coming from.
So the records, it depends.
It depends on the person.
Every session is different,
where everybody is
is different, their desire
to know, their need to know,
and their openness to know.
>>NOORY: Does everybody
have the ability
to change the outcome
of their records?
>>JONES: Well, we're
always in the now moment.
So we're always
at a choice point.
So we're always creating,
shall we say, our records.
So we can change what's
been created, again,
as I shared before, when
we shift our understanding
and our perception of
our past experience.
So for example, Kelly
might be-- could
be, she's not-- but she
could be in judgment
of how her life has
been going, right?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JONES: And then let's say her
masters and teachers brought
forth to say,
Kelly, well, here's
why everything that's been
happening to this point
has been happening.
And it's bringing
you into a point that
allows you to understand
your clientele better.
So you needed these
life experiences.
You needed to move into
the heart of compassion
so that now you can
be fully present
and do what you came to do in--
>>NOORY: And you're
prepared for it.
>>JONES: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Kellys, thank you
for being on "Beyond Belief."
>>KELLY: Thank you.
>>JONES: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Wasn't that something?
Akashic records, your
future, soul dialogues.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."